Then we have the horses bus lane where we have to post busline calorie exists all already predefine
and that's mean.
Those come to be edited or deleted.
It's by default created by the VM Where does one get you the noncritical host page and the critical
Spaight redefine it.
That's mean different content that exists in this one and composite to do different tasks you have in
your environment to check if there are any updates.
In our environment we have one line for non-critical hosts updates available and 65 critical Hulst updates
available.
You click on it it will see the details about the different update that we should use of course.
You see right there if we check the different updates we can use.
Of course he gets all the updates for 6 5 4 5 and 6 6.5 if we check right there is 6.5.
So we have only just update that we should use in our environments.
Aldo's forsakes and the 5.5 as we don't have any house running under 6 1 0 or 5 4 5.
So we don't need to update you others.
But of course you need it when you start any host or other shit holes.
In this the center server that's hard to do is x.
I fly plant five.
Then of course we can create a house line.
It's like when you create a hospital fight.
No we have a host busline.
You give it a name for example new one then description then you chose to create a house patch or a
house extension or a house upgrade.
Let's chals with the patch then you chose fix it or the unique fix it does mean you would put a specific
date but never updates them but dynamic.
They will be updated automatically if there are any available page then you click next.
It's secure to get and you wonder if you'll check our fate available in our But repository we have the
same way where products and Cisco Systems products.
So for example where we chose any last minute Alda on board or for example you want to get only the
updates from the VM when we chose this one.
Or if we are for example some Cisco switch or hardware we add so it's and we had the product that we
want to use and get updates from it.
So it draws any Then we chose critical and important like that.
Of course it is recommended use is critical in a portal and it's not necessary to use the moderates
and low updates because it's not necessary to always update your environment for a low severity update
because sometimes can destroy your environments sort of which is too low and moderately into you are
sure that you want to get a low updates D-New enable this one.
So if your girl chose critical and important like this one then it shows the release date of the update.
For example if you have an update for the 2017 You can chose only do 2000 18 update of wait over downloading
of the different updates available.
Then the category if you want get some kind of security or a bug fixed or enhancements or any etc..
Then you click next.
Then you have patch to exclude.
This is different.
Birch that's available from the updates.
Right.
No he check the network and to get those updates then it shows you the different updates are available
and head.
These are the Bertsch matching to dynamic busline critical dynamic that we chose.
But in this step right there.
But for chaws only see scoop it will show only for option 10.
But when we chose any or only VM what it will show us a lot of updates available then if you want to
exclude some of this update we need to check it.
So you see Silex the one that you want to permanently exclude from this bus line.
So we in chick Aldo's one we leave them in check so we want to get all these updates.
We click next then if we want to add some additional part there is our page not matching the dynamic
busline critiquer Silex to Dujuan permanently and Kloot into dynamic busline detect that this one does
not exist in the bass line so we can take them to other them to the bass line if we want or not then.
Next this is a quick overview finish.
So we create our new busline for our hosts so seemed a be the.